Add AGENTS.md with comprehensive build and test documentation (#1627)
SteeltoeOSS/Steeltoe: AGENTS.md

else
    SKIP_FILTER="Category!=MemoryDumps"
fi

echo "Using test filter: $SKIP_FILTER"

# Test with .NET 10.0
echo "Testing with .NET 10.0..."
dotnet test $SOLUTION_FILE --framework net10.0 --filter "$SKIP_FILTER" \
  --no-build --configuration $CONFIGURATION \
  --collect "XPlat Code Coverage" \
  --logger trx \
  --results-directory ./dumps \
  --settings coverlet.runsettings \
  --blame-crash \
  --blame-hang-timeout 3m

# Test with .NET 9.0
echo "Testing with .NET 9.0..."
dotnet test $SOLUTION_FILE --framework net9.0 --filter "$SKIP_FILTER" \
  --no-build --configuration $CONFIGURATION \
  --collect "XPlat Code Coverage" \
  --logger trx \
  --results-directory ./dumps \
  --settings coverlet.runsettings \
  --blame-crash \
  --blame-hang-timeout 3m

# Test with .NET 8.0
echo "Testing with .NET 8.0..."
dotnet test $SOLUTION_FILE --framework net8.0 --filter "$SKIP_FILTER" \
  --no-build --configuration $CONFIGURATION \
  --collect "XPlat Code Coverage" \
  --logger trx \
  --results-directory ./dumps \
  --settings coverlet.runsettings \
  --blame-crash \
  --blame-hang-timeout 3m

echo "Build and test completed!"
```

> 

Reviewer: @copilot instructions should include code style validation, use cleanupcode.ps1 and/or .github/workflows/verify-code-style.yml

# Steeltoe Build and Test Guide for Developers and CI/CD Agents

This document provides comprehensive instructions for building and testing the Steeltoe codebase. These instructions are based on the official CI workflow and are designed to work for both human developers and automated CI/CD agents.

## General Guidelines

### Code Review and Suggestions
- Only make high confidence suggestions when reviewing code changes.

> - Always use the latest version of C#, currently C# 13 features.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Always use the latest stable version of C#.
```
The current version is C# 14, but we shouldn't have to keep updating that.

dotnet build src/Steeltoe.All.sln --no-restore --configuration Release --verbosity minimal
```

### Run Tests

For detailed test procedures including environment-specific filters, test categories, and coverage collection, see [`.github/workflows/Steeltoe.All.yml`](.github/workflows/Steeltoe.All.yml).

Quick test command:
```bash
dotnet test src/Steeltoe.All.sln --framework net10.0 --no-build --configuration Release
```

**Important context for agents:**
- Tests run on multiple frameworks: net8.0, net9.0, and net10.0
- Tests use xUnit trait categories: `Integration` (requires Docker services), `MemoryDumps` (generates memory dumps), and `SkipOnMacOS` (platform-specific)
- Integration tests require Docker and are primarily designed for Linux CI environments
- When writing tests, use appropriate categories: `[Trait("Category", "Integration")]` for tests requiring external services

## Code Style Validation

Steeltoe uses ReSharper/Rider code cleanup tools via `regitlint` to enforce consistent code style. The CI workflow (`.github/workflows/verify-code-style.yml`) automatically verifies code style on all pull requests.

To run code cleanup locally:
```powershell

> ./cleanupcode.ps1

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
./cleanupcode.ps1 main
```
